I, Lin Yun, volunteered my strength
My brother Lin Zhaodi
Hate in the heart
Don't want to live
I, Lin Ruonan
For the injustice of the world
Willing to give your strength
I am Lin Ruyue
I am Lin Lan
I am Lin Xiner
I still have me
And me. And me.
Willing to offer your strength
Grandpa's sword
Although it is not as good as the total victory of killing the demons back then
It's more than enough to kill you
I really thought you were Qingyun Xianjun
I know where I learned a trick
Brave to claim that all defenses are destroyed yes and no
Take your life and try it
I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you
I die
I have a sword
Can cut injustice in the world
Shifang Juxiu